Issue 114 oauth2 refresh token (#117)
elasticio/rest-api-component: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.2.0(March 11, 2020)

### Added

> * Added verification `refresh_token` in keys for `OAuth2` authentication strategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add validity check of `refresh_token` in keys for `OAuth2` authentication strategy
```
